DOC-5341: Added a note to the deploying cluster steps (#1340)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0-beta/deploying/deployment-tutorials/deploy-corda-cluster.md

This page describes how to deploy Corda 5 Beta. It assumes all necessary [prerequisites](../prerequisites.html) have been installed.

{{< note >}}

> PostgreSQL and Kafka must be running before a Corda cluster is deployed but the mechanism to achieve that is up to you. You can:
> * run PostgreSQL and Kafka in containers.
> * use a managed service such as RDS.
> * run both on bare-metal hardware.

Reviewer: The bullet list sounds a bit prescriptive which is the opposite of what I was hoping for! Maybe something like:
```suggestion
PostgreSQL and Kafka must be running before a Corda cluster is deployed but the mechanism to achieve that is up to you. For example, you can:
* run PostgreSQL and Kafka on Kubernetes.
* use a managed service such as Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL, Amazon Managed Streaming for Apache Kafka, or Confluent Cloud.
```
